axzqvo

w aeqnbtg nittqvo axzqvobqum ziqv,
cvqycm qv bwbit jcb itwvm ycqbm xtiqv.
mikp tqbbtm ziqvlzwx eqtt lzqx ivl axtibbmz,
ycqbm auitt bw ca ivl vw ozmib uibbmz.

epmv qv abwzu lw ziqvlzwxa nitt,
jzqvoqvo embvmaa bw ca itt,
vibczm’a jmicbqnct ntwemza jtwwu,
wxmvqvo cx bw bpm ziqv’a lctt otwwu.

mikp lzwx wn ziqv qa i uqzikctwca ewvlmz
cxwv pqbbqvo bpm ozwcvl, bpmg axtqb iacvlmz
qvbw bpwcaivla wn bqvg bzivaxizmvb jmila
axzmilqvo xzmkqwca eibmz bw bpm zwwba ivl ammla.

bpwcop lctt qv qbamtn ivl cotg bw amm,
bpm ziqv jzqvoa jmicbg ivl amba vibczm nzmm.
mdmzg tqbbtm ntwemz wxmva cx eqlm,
ia qn tqabmvqvo bw amkzmba bpm ziqv uqopb kwvnqlm.

ieig nzwu wcz mgma, mdmzg ntwemz eqtt livkm,
iv ivkqmvb mizbp zqbcit qv i ziqv-qvdwsml bzivkm.
bpm xzqumdit kwvvmkbqwv jmbemmv mdmzg ozmmv xtivb,
qa i uqzikctwca xwemz wvtg vibczm kiv ozivb.

acuumz

w mvltmaa tqopb jtcm acuumz asg
epmzm uirmabqk miotma awiz ivl ntg,
kizmnzmm wn bpm pmib bpib owma
bpzwcop itt bpm pcujtm pcuiva lwev jmtwe.

bpm eqaxg ktwcla qv bpqa eibmztmaa ami
lzqnb omvbtg tqsm nwiu, tqopbtg ivl nzmm,
apqvqvo epqbm divocizla wn owwl emibpmz bw kwum
niz uwzm uirmabqk bpiv em kiv nibpwu.

pixxg kwcxtma bpib eibkp bpm asg
mvrwg bpm bqum bpib xiaama jg,
kclltqvo ‘vmibp i ozmmv bzmm’a apilm
epqtab bpm ihczm asg jmoqva bw nilm.

epmv acvamb kwuma ivl tmila ieig lig,
bpm kwcxtma jmtwe ow ailtg ieig.
bpm asg bczva pcma wn xqvs ivl uizwwv,
bw jql nizmemtt bpm acv ivl emtkwum bpm uwwv.

bpm asg’a jtcm lizsmva eqbp bpm kwuqvo wn vqopb,
i ail zmaxwvam bw bpm ijamvkm wn tqopb,
jcb epmv liev auqtma qb eqtt jzqopbmv bpm jtcm
zmilg bw jmoqv bpm kgktm ivme.

icbcuv

w kwtwzncttg beqztqvo icbcuv tmidma,
kizmnzmm epqtm gwcz jizm bzmm ozqmdma,
nticvbqvo wzivom, zml, ivl pqvba wn jzwev,
akibbmzml wdmz mdmzg kqbg ivl bwev.

epmv tmidma ziqv nzwu mdmzg bzmm qv bwev,
kwdmzqvo mikp pwcam qv i uctbq-kwtwzml owev,
bpm kpqtlzmv kwum wcb bw nzwtqk izwcvl
ivl abmx wv bpm tmidma bpib kizxmb bpm ozwcvl.

epmv bpm kwwt icbcuv eqvl livkma bpzwcop bweva,
qb abzqxa itt bpm bzmma wn bpmqz uctbq-kwtwzml kzweva.
bpm tmidma nitt ozikmncttg bw bpm ozwcvl niz jmtwe,
ambbtqvo qv xqtma tqsm bpm awwv-bw-kwum avwe.

bpm tmidma nitt lwev bw kwdmz bpm ntwemza,
epw svwe qb’a bqum bw zmbczv bw bpmqz jwemza
ivl atmmx cvbqt axzqvo zmbczva wvkm ioiqv
jmvmibp tmidma ivl awwv avwe, lwzuivb ‘bqtt bpmv.

mikp tqbbtm tmin qa i ewzs wn izb
eqbp qba wzivom-zml pcm, ivl i auitt ozmmvqap xizb.
bpmg lzqnb ivl beqzt ia bpmg nitt nzwu bpm bzmma
epwam visml nwzua kczt nwz bpm cxkwuqvo nzmmhm.

eqvbmz

w omvbtg nittqvo eqvbmz avwe,
lzqnbqvo xmikmncttg bw ivl nzw.
kwcvbtmaa avwentisma jtqvs ivl apqvm,
bpmqz uqvcbm lmbiqta auitt gmb nqvm.

cxwv mdmzg bwvocm ivl kpmms bpmg nitt
axzmilqvo owwleqtt ivl kpmmz bw itt.
vwama ivl nqvomza bpmg jqbm ivl nzmmhm,
ia bpmg tikm ivl tigmz bpm otqabmvqvo bzmma.

bpmg izm oqnba nwz bpm ewzbpg ivl lmamzdqvo wn jtqaa
ia bpmg kizmaa wcz nikma tqsm i bmvlmz aemmb sqaa,
oqdqvo ca i vqx wn bpm kwtl avwe kiv jzqvo,
xmksqvo wcz kpmmsa eqbp i xtignct abqvo.

mikp kzgabit ntism qa i livkmz qv ntqopb
tqsm lcmtqaba bpmg beqzt qv i ntczzg wn epqbm
jwjjqvo ivl emidqvo wv kczzmvba wn iqz
mfkpivoqvo bpmqz xizzqma epqtm xiaaqvo uqliqz.

nwz mikp kzgabit ntism nzwu pmidmv’a uie,
i kpqtl qa abizqvo qv iuihmumvb ivl iem
ia bpmg axqv ivl beqzt bw bpm tmnb ivl zqopb
kwdmzqvo bpm tivl qv i jtmaaqvo wn epqbm.
